alright so now we're up against a random
GM we're just gonna I guess hope and
pray that he's tearin big thanks
everybody that's tuning in so far today
do want to give a shout out to my
sponsors ozone gaming calm chairs for
gaming calm and of course g 2 a.com if
you guys want to pick up starcraft or
any other game at cheap link is
underneath don't forget to use the promo
code bouse for an extra 30 subscriber
has a colossal enormous extensive
gigantic giant great humongous immense
magnificent mammal size massive cock JT
DC a former biggest boss of the day
earlier today also subs thank you so
much for the support today really
appreciate that okay I really really
don't like playing randoms especially G
ever ends see if these Protoss is
Protoss we'll probably proxy to gave me
also want to give a shout out to my
unofficial official sponsors cibrian
fries e
you
let's do it so he's random I'm gonna
open up like a new biggest loves of the
day oh shit my man be dheela he said
been a while but GG $75 donation from a
man be dealer yo B dealer where are you
from again is it the state's pretty sure
it is big shadow man giving up the
middle finger so we're gonna drop down
that proxy Stargate red card zebra
throwing up the red card all right we're
gonna chrono boost 02 stalker alright
yeah he's in the state sorry so we'll
leave we'll leave the American flag up
thank you so much dude so he hasn't
scouted me I haven't scouted him I
assume he's not served because I would
have definitely have seen an overlord at
this point I've got my fingers crossed
that he's that he's tearin but if he's
Protoss some cool with that too
soon it is baby d absolutely no scout I
am yeah I'm playing without a stream
delay today I am the voice for starcraft
we can afford to lose this it's a retard
magnet he's 11 morning
I let him finish that shit
let him finish it nah speak mystique
guidance where's the where's the factory
yet oh no he's guessing he's got a
factory in my base yeah there's the
widow mine I window
Oh
research complete we need our fate
and D shit I see ya oh god fuck yo you
mother fuck what should one fucking shot
what the fuck oh god damn it the word oh
the pain holy fuck
GG fuck me